ticdc: clarify that you don't escape the whole URL but just the parameters (#20082)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

    [scheme]://[userinfo@][host]:[port][/path]?[query_parameters]
    ```

>     When the parameter of the sink URI contains special characters such as `! * ' ( ) ; : @ & = + $ , / ? % # [ ]`, you need to escape the special characters, for example, in [URI Encoder](https://www.urlencoder.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the sink URI parameters contain special characters such as `! * ' ( ) ; : @ & = + $ , / ? % # [ ]`, you need to escape the special characters, for example, in [URI Encoder](https://www.urlencoder.org/).
```
